well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so today is going to be part 1
of how to change the world this video is
gonna be a lot like that gun video the
first part in that series kind of boring
but you need the information in this to
understand the rest of it this was
prompted by a comment on Facebook it's
long comment I'm not gonna read the
whole thing but it was very very genuine
and the end of it said that other people
might need the same information I agree
it starts off with downtrodden reached
light bulb went off this is what I've
always felt believed tried to live by
I'm not alone now what right we've been
there and 1984 George Orwell wrote that
they will never rebel until they become
conscious and they can't become
conscious until after they were built
something along those lines I might have
messed that quote up but the point is
that it's a cycle and it's reinforced
the society we live in today in the
Western world is very similar to 1984 s
fictional world it's not as brutal it's
not as drab but there are certainly
control mechanisms in place that keep
you thinking within the box and you
can't think outside of that box until
you become conscious and then you can
repel the hard part's over
you've become conscious you broke that
cycle now you have to rebell now the
good news is you don't need a rifle the
message goes on the comment goes on I'm
still poor isolated feel like I'm living
in a hostile environment and I'm
overwhelmed I'm still dependent on
government if I knew how to raise my
kids safely and be independent I would
but I need help to not need help anymore
and I want to help other people
that is a noble goal you're always gonna
need help I'm I'm a pretty independent
guy and a lot of you may know that after
Hurricane Michael I was down in Panama
City cutting down trees clearing to
breathe delivering food and medicine
whatever was needed meanwhile back here
yeah I cleared all the trees except one
was right near the house and it was a
big tree about five feet off the ground
it split into two trunks and when the
hurricane came through twisted it one of
the trunks
leaned one direction the other one stood
more or less straight up couldn't cut it
down the whole thing at once because I
didn't know because of how the weight
was distributed I didn't know where it
was going to fall and there weren't a
lot of places for it fall for it to fall
that it wouldn't damage something if I
cut off one trunk at a time I cut off
the right trunk it looked like it was
gonna go into the dining room the left
trunk and pretty sure my wife wouldn't
have appreciated that if I cut off the
left trunk it looked like the right
trunk would have fallen well right
behind that camera through the wall in
the shop and I wasn't real thrilled
about that prospect so I rattled my
network called this guy Jason Jason was
in the Air Force and he was part of Red
Horse if you don't know what that is
it's like their version of the Seabees
if you don't know what that is these
guys these are people that you could be
standing on the side of a mountain in
the middle of the woods and say hey I
need to land a c-130 here and you walk
away in a day and a half later you come
back and it's an airfield how did they
do it I don't know it's magic so he
comes over and he looks at the tree he
shakes it walks out to his truck grabs a
strap comes in straps it up cuts the
tree both pieces boom boom land and this
10-foot clearing right on top of each
other don't hit anything how'd he do it
magic I don't know
I needed that help though because I
never would have been able to do that I
needed somebody with that skill set I
needed that network and if you want to
be independent you're gonna need that
and network being independent doesn't
actually mean doing everything by
yourself it means having the freedom to
choose how it gets done you are going to
need that network and you're gonna have
to build it and I know he said he felt
isolated those people are around you
just got to find him and we're gonna
talk about how to build that network in
the next video I'm gonna go out on a
limb here
you didn't say but you said I use the
pronoun I and you talk about your kids
I'm gonna assume you're a single parent
I've dealt with this before when you
talk about building a network single
parents are normally at a loss I had a
single mom that wanted to to to become
more self-reliant but she's a single mom
you know she wakes up in the morning get
your kid on the bus goes to work comes
home just before he gets off the bus
spends the rest of time with him because
baby centers are really expensive then
on the weekend she spends time with her
kid takes him to the zoo the park or
whatever she thought there was no way
for her to contribute to a network like
this because she didn't have anything to
offer because she couldn't break away
from her kid because babysitters are
really expensive
didn't take long for her to realize that
babysitters are really expensive and
that it would be really easy for her to
bring other people in the network bring
their kids with that with her and her
kid when she went to the park or went to
the zoo everybody has something to offer
in network like this everybody but you
need to do a real honest self-evaluation
of your skills and what you can offer
and you're gonna need to know that
before you start trying to build the
network gotta be pretty critical message
goes on we need to be force multiplied
before we can become force multipliers
yeah because that's what that network is
that network is force multiply and as
that network grows because when you
build your network those people are
going to have friends and then
eventually they'll be part of that
network it'll grow to the point where
it's no longer just a network it's a
community and as you build that
community you're building your community
you're making your community stronger if
you make your community strong enough it
doesn't matter who gets elected doesn't
matter who's sitting in the Oval Office
doesn't matter if you hate Trump or
Obama whoever it is they're empowered
you're gonna be fine because your
community can take care of itself
you're changing the world you live in
you're changing the world by building
your community you know people in the
comment section joke about me running
for office the reason I'll never run for
office well one of them is that
politicians have skeletons in their
closet I've got a mass grave the UN
should be investigating to be honest the
other reason is I'm just a guy I'm just
as corruptible as anybody else that has
ever been
in power we've lived under rulers in
this country for a really long time not
sure that's really where we need to go
not sure top-down leadership is the
answer I think maybe community building
is the answer you know what's best for
your community in your area you know
what more than anybody in your state
capital a representative that shows up
to do a PR photo-op once a year and
certainly more than anybody that's
sitting in the Oval Office we're gonna
talk about this I've tried to figure out
how to build a template to build these
networks the problem is everybody's
situation is very very different if you
are middle-class in the suburbs you
doing it's gonna be a whole lot
different than somebody that is
economically disadvantaged in a city or
somebody in a rural community where a
lot of this it already exists do you
call it a good old boys network that
networks critical that network is
critical so we're gonna talk about that
in the next video another quote from
1984 is that if there is any hope it
must lie in the proles it's just a
thought y'all have a good night